Mr. George, there must be some misunderstanding
This contract is wrong
I'll try again now.
If you don't go out, I'll call someone
Mr. Cao has no intention of cooperating with us
Is there a new cooperation newspaper?
To tell you the truth
Qin Jia also found our relationship
And they offered a higher price than you
I have no reason not to choose
Qin Jia is impossible
How can animals be used in overseas markets?
The spirit of contract that your mother did together
What I mean?
This hero has an old saying
No friends forever
Only eternal interests
My reaction is okay.
Besides, you did it first
Mr. George
This contract must have been rigged
Oh I'll write another one now
You need an explanation, miss
I'm about to announce a partnership.
Please go back
Mr. George what?